What's your condition? Okay, what if you don't want to die as long as you are not born?
You just want the moon to be on the upper side, and I have to go with you.
This is what you promised me. I will buy a house first.
There's still 600,000 left, why are you looking for your sister?
Look at you, what kind of monster are you today?
Isn’t it just 600,000? For a company as big as your sister’s,
If you ask, he won't refuse to give it to you.
With so much money, how could we open our mouths?
Besides, it wasn’t just told to me yesterday.
I asked you to borrow it
Isn't it right to give him leniency?
But I am no longer in history now
This is how I tell him
Otherwise, wouldn't it be better?
You go to finance and slide the money out
Wait until he returns home
Can this be considered a thing?
How about letting him come back?
You just wrote a letter and said it was practical.